- ♪ When the stars
began falling ♪
♪ Out of the sky
♪ And the seas
were rising up ♪
♪ I kept one thing in mind
[both laugh]
♪
- [speaks Russian]
- Of course.
- You are not tired already,
are you?
[laughter]
- Don't worry.
- [giggles]
♪
- Your mother would be
very proud.
[speaks Russian]
- Thank you for being here.
- Oh, don't be silly.
My unit never had
more important mission, huh?
Now, when do we get
to cut into this beauty, huh?
Where's my knife?
- Uh, Nikita--
[speaking Russian]
- No, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I-I need my knife.
I'm sorry.
This particular knife
is very special.
Your mother and I used it
at our wedding,
and we saved it
all these years for you.
[speaking Russian]
Uh, one minute.
- [speaks Russian over radio]
[suspenseful music]
[speaks Russian]
♪
[all scream]
[coughing]
[speaks Russian]
[guests groaning,
chattering in Russian]
[somber music]
♪
[dramatic music]
- So who is this guy exactly?
- He's an industrial developer
based in Paris.
- And this is
where he wanted to meet?
- Look, I already
wined and dined him.
He just wants to meet you
and talk shop.
That's it.
- Which we could easily do
at the office.
You sure this guy's
on the up and up?
Because if this is
some sort of backroom deal,
I don't want any part of it.
- Just relax, okay?
- Who are those guys?
- Who?
- Those guys
keep looking over at us.
- You're always so paranoid.
Come on.
- I'm serious.
Let's double back.
- Okay, sure.
- You gotta be kidding me.
[tense music]
Let's go.
- Hey!
[muffled gunfire]
- No, no! Please! No!
I beg you!
[Taser crackling]
[painful grunting]
♪
- [speaks Russian]
[car door slams]
[tires squeal]
♪
- What do we got?
- Rome.
David Laporta, 50 years old.
CEO of ANITEC Global,
a top
industrial engineering firm
with offices in Qatar,
Rome, and NYC.
He and his business partner,
Tommaso Costa, Italian citizen,
went out to meet
with a client last night,
and neither made it back.
- It's only been a few hours.
How do we know
there's foul play?
- Costa's body was found
shot three times
at close range.
- Huh, that'll do it.
- ANITEC does a lot of work
for oil refineries.
Is that was this is about? Oil?
- Could be.
Italian state police
is investigating the homicide,
but they've requested our help
in locating Mr. Laporta.
- As a victim or a suspect?
- For what it's worth,
his record is squeaky clean.
Successful.
Respected in his field.
No criminal connections.
- So they execute Costa
but take Laporta.
- Maybe they need him
for something.
- That's weird.
- What?
- The FBI already ran
a background check on Laporta
three days
before he went missing.
- Who put in the request?
- Looks like...
Jubal Valentine.
He's the ASAC in New York,
right?
- Yes, he is.
- I'll put in a call to 26 Fed.
- You can do it on the way.
Smitty's already on the ground.
Let's go to Rome.
[dramatic music]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Here they are.
- Inspector Granno.
- You come highly recommended
by your Europol liaison,
Agent Forrester.
- Well, thank you.
Likewise.
- I've heard about
your team's exploits.
- Exploits?
- It's only based
on Ms. Garretson's insistence
that we are granting
the FBI permission
to join this investigation.
- Okay.
Any luck finding any witnesses?
- No, this area is usually
quite empty after dark.
The two men do appear together
briefly on security cameras
but only when they were closer
to the Colosseum.
David Laporta's phone
has been turned off
or possibly destroyed,
so we haven't been able
to track him.
Tommaso Costa was found here.
- His phone and wallet
were still on him?
- Yes. Two shots to the chest,
one to the head.
- It doesn't seem
like a robbery.
More like a professional hit.
- And they knew exactly
how to avoid the cameras.
- Does this MO line up
with any recent
organized crime activity?
- This isn't the movies.
Not every crime in Italy
has a mafia connection.
- What the hell is his problem?
- I'm working on it.
- How about a ransom demand?
- Nothing yet.
We have the phones tapped
and a hostage negotiator
standing by with the wife.
- All right.
Raines, Kellett,
you take his office.
Vo and I will head
to his house.
I'd like to speak
to Mrs. Laporta myself.
With your permission,
of course, Inspector.
Thank you.
- Something terrible happened.
I know it.
He would never just disappear.
- I know
that this is difficult,
but the best thing
that we can do right now
is resist the urge
to speculate.
- The Italian detectives
think he's dead.
- I don't believe that he is.
Not without evidence, okay?
- [sighs] Okay.
- Can you think of anyone
in David's life
who might wish him harm?
- No.
He's a good man,
a good husband.
Honest, considerate.
- Any financial problems?
Recent changes
in David's behavior
that you may have noticed?
- No, he doesn't gamble.
He doesn't do drugs.
- How about at work?
Any problems there?
- Maybe he's been a little more
stressed than usual, but...
he never wants to worry me
with the specifics.
He's an engineer at heart,
not a businessman.
He never expected to run
an international company.
Tommaso was the one
with the ambition.
- He and Mr. Costa were close?
- Oh, yes.
They've been best friends
for forever. [sniffles]
[stammering]
Or they were.
God, I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
I'm just gonna ask you
one more question.
Did he say anything about
who he was meeting last night?
- Only that they were
meeting a potential client.
But you should talk to Sabrina,
his assistant.
She knows everything
that goes on at that office.
- Thank you.
That's all we need for now.
The Italian police
are gonna stay with you,
but we will be in touch the
instant that we know anything.
- Please find my husband.
- Yes, ma'am.
- [sighs]
- Any reply
from Jubal Valentine?
- [sighs] Not yet.
New York must have their hands
full with something big.
- You know, around the corner,
there's a little place
that serves a pistachio gelato
that I still have dreams about.
- We bring back Laporta,
my treat.
- Ms. Kellett, Mr. Raines,
I'm Sabrina,
Mr. Laporta and Mr. Costa's
executive assistant.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
The office is right this way.
We sent everyone home
to be with their families,
but if you need
to talk to anyone,
I'm happy to call them back in.
- That won't be necessary.
We just have a few questions
for you, actually.
- Right.
David and Tommaso
were here working
until about 7:00 or so
last night.
When I heard what happened,
I made sure absolutely
nothing was touched,
although I did use
David's computer.
- We're hoping you could
tell us which potential client
he was meeting with last night.
- [sighs]
I wish I knew.
Tommaso arranged
that meeting himself.
- Is that unusual?
- Yes.
I've made it clear I don't like
being left out of the loop,
but, uh, it happens.
- Is there someplace else
we could find that client?
Emails?
- You can look.
But I see
all their work correspondence,
and there's nothing.
- David's wife said
he seemed stressed lately.
Can you tell us
what that was about?
- David and Tommaso
didn't always see eye to eye
about the business.
- Did it ever get heated?
- No.
No, nothing like that.
They've done hundreds
of projects together
without a problem.
- Sabrina, if there's
anything you can tell us...
- Um...
About a year ago,
I overheard a call.
Italian officials
contacted David.
Apparently, the Taliban had
discussed some sort of plan
to kidnap
an American structural engineer
and use him
to bring down buildings.
His name had come up,
so they wanted to warn him.
David was horrified.
He blamed Tommaso
and his big mouth
for getting him mixed up
in all that.
- Alessia didn't mention
any of this.
- He probably didn't want
to worry her.
The criminals were apprehended,
maybe, two days later.
The whole thing blew over.
By the end,
they were laughing about it.
Tommaso joked that
with David's knowledge,
he would've made
one hell of a terrorist.
You think that's what
this is about?
[foreboding music]
♪
- There's been
no ransom demand,
and I don't expect one.
I believe
that David Laporta was taken
because he knows how to destroy
the things that he builds.
- Over the past 20 years,
the company's been involved
with hundreds of gas
and oil projects
across Europe, North America,
and the Middle East.
Anyone could be a target.
- Based on what?
The emails of men
who are now in prison?
The Taliban kidnapping
never left the planning stage.
It was disrupted.
- But it could've been revived
by someone else.
My theory is
that Costa inadvertently
told the story
to the wrong person,
and somebody liked the idea.
- That would be
convenient for you.
- What is that
supposed to mean?
- Your assumption this is
connected to something bigger
is wishful thinking--
an excuse for the FBI
to widen its involvement.
- I'm not trying
to impress you.
I am trying to get you to take
a potential terror threat
seriously.
- Ah, more American arrogance.
- Okay, please,
let's just stay focused.
It's just a theory,
but there's no harm
in letting Agent Forrest
run it down now, is there?
- Fine.
- Great.
We'll start looking
into Laporta's recent projects.
- And I can dig
into Costa's contacts as well.
- Hey.
Sorry to interrupt.
I think I got something.
I went back
through the security footage
from around the Colosseum,
looking not only at the night
of Laporta's disappearance
but the previous 72 hours,
and I keep seeing
the same gentleman.
Each of the three nights,
same time.
- He's casing the place.
- How do we know
he's not just some merchant
who works in the area?
- Could be,
but look how careful he is
to avoid the cameras.
Never gives us a good enough
image for facial rec.
And on the last day,
he brought these two guys
with him.
- All right, great.
We finally have a suspect.
- You got more than that.
You got two jetlagged agents
from New York.
- Jubal?
- Sorry I missed your call.
We were in the air.
- Long time no see.
I didn't know they let
the old guys out of the JOC.
- Ah, well, what am I gonna do,
trust you kids out here
on vacation
to get anything done?
Good to see you.
- Good to see you.
- Hey, you too.
This is
Special Agent Nina Chase.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi.
So what are you two doing
in Rome?
- We were working the same case
as you are, it seems.
- Right,
so back in New York,
we got someone working
undercover, Agent Scola.
And he is trying
to pin down a foreign buyer
who's looking to acquire
industrial-grade explosives.
- And the name David Laporta
popped up on the wires
that Scola had planted.
We didn't think anything
of it then,
but now that Laporta's
gone and disappeared,
we think that it's connected.
- Okay, and you two
are here in person,
so you must think
this is an imminent threat.
- Could be weeks,
could be days,
but yeah,
someone wants to hit New York.
- Is this the buyer
you've been tracking?
The one looking for explosives?
- Unfortunately, we don't know.
We don't have a description
or a name.
We don't know what they're
looking to blow up or why.
We just know somebody
wants enough damn C-4
to make a bomb.
- And he's using Laporta
to plan the attack.
♪
- This is no longer just
a kidnapping case.
We are now looking
at the possibility
of an imminent terror attack.
- That's right.
And the target is likely one
of the major
infrastructure projects
that Laporta's firm designed.
That would mean
his abductors need him alive.
- And that gives us a window,
but it could close at any time.
So we need to find him fast.
- Based on intel
from Agent Scola in the field,
the C-4 is likely to be used
in New York City
or somewhere
along the eastern seaboard.
So let's, uh,
narrow that down, huh?
- Yeah, I've been digging
into Laporta's projects,
searching for potential targets
in that area,
but there really isn't any--
at least
not in the last five years.
- Okay.
Well, keep digging into that.
- I can jump in on that too.
- Okay, good.
The rest of us will focus
on locating Laporta himself.
Now, our best lead is still
the man in the video footage.
Jamie, what do you got?
- Not a lot.
Nobody in the area
around the Colosseum
recognizes him,
so we're pretty sure
he's not local.
But without a better image,
we can't run him
in the databases.
- You know what, let's send
that footage over to 26 Fed.
Maybe my analysts
will surprise us.
They have a way of doing that.
- Good.
Raines,
you were looking into Costa.
Did you find anything
on his phone?
- Calls came into his cell
from an unknown number
three times
in the two hours
leading up to the meeting.
- That could be
the potential client
setting the place and time.
- Right.
So whose number is it?
- That's the problem.
I requested call records
from the Italian state police
several hours ago,
but there's some sort of delay.
- What, are they taking
a wine and gelato break?
- Okay.
Everybody, let's work together.
Keep communicating,
and we find our guy.
We do whatever it takes.
- Hey, Scott.
- Yeah?
- Uh, several hours
for the phone number,
is that normal over here?
- Um, no.
No, this seems more like
a deliberate holdup.
- Can we go around them?
- Not legally.
- Who do I talk to?
'Cause I'd very much like
to have that conversation.
- We don't talk to anybody.
We let our Europol liaison
run interference.
Look, Jubal, I know.
This is not
like it is back home.
We are guests in their country.
We work on their terms.
- Okay, but, uh,
doing whatever it takes doesn't
usually include waiting around.
- Hey, what's up?
- I just wanted to make sure
you got the image
of our suspect.
- Yes, I just got it.
Ian and Kelly
are running it now.
- Okay, great.
- Is there something else?
- Uh, just wanted to know
if you heard any other news.
- Nope.
We're just digging in.
Just still trying to figure out
what's going on.
- Okay, uh, and you haven't
heard from Scola?
I-I texted him
a few hours ago, but...
- Well, I haven't heard from
him, but that's to be expected.
He's under.
You know what that's like.
- Yeah, of course.
- Listen, all we can do
is trust that he is okay,
and he will call
when he has something.
- I understand.
Thank you.
[phone buzzes]
- Hey.
Got your text.
You're in Rome?
- Yeah. Crazy, right?
- Wow, what's even crazier
is this Laporta guy
getting abducted out there.
I mean,
what the hell is going on?
- We assume he knows something
about a potential target,
but...
- All right.
Well, keep me in the loop.
- I will.
Look, we probably
shouldn't risk reaching out,
so, uh, be careful.
Okay?
- Yeah. No, you too.
You know, you, um--
you got a lot
going on right now, so...
- I'm good.
I promise.
- Okay.
I'll talk to you soon.
- [sighs]
I know.
I'm doing what I can.
- How long can one warrant
for phone records take?
- Another few hours,
apparently.
- They helped us to solve the
murder of an American in Milan.
What has changed?
- I've been asking around.
But all Europol will say is,
and I quote,
"In light of
the Americans' recent tactics,
they're lucky
to be consulted at all."
- Recent tactics?
What the hell does that mean?
- If I knew,
I would surely tell you.
- Well, we better
figure something out,
because I'm telling you,
Agent Valentine
is climbing up the walls.
- Well, keep him away
from the inspector.
For some reason,
the more I push this guy,
the more he wants
to shut us down.
- Well, we don't have time
to play nice,
and neither does David Laporta.
Jubal.
- Yeah?
- Let's go.
We'll handle this ourselves.
- [sighs]
- This is everything.
I printed every monthly bill
for the last five years.
If they made a business call
to that number,
it should be in there.
- Okay, this is perfect.
Thank you.
- Tommaso meets
with a lot of people--
anyone who might lead
to new business.
Wouldn't be faster just
to ask the phone company?
- Yes.
Yes, it would.
- Wait.
Okay, here we go.
Costa called the same number
three months ago.
- What's the date?
- Uh, the 12th, 7:13 p.m.
Can you check
if you have a record
for who he met with
that day or night?
- According to my calendar,
Tommaso was in Minsk.
He was having drinks that night
with someone named
Dmitriy Dovhal.
- Dmitriy Dovhal.
D-O-V-H-A-L.
- He's a Belarusian national.
Occupation listed
as consultant.
- Okay, do you know
anything else about this guy?
- Nothing, but I can look
in Tommaso's contacts.
- Yes, please.
- Bingo.
He's in Rome.
He flew into Fiumicino Airport
three days ago.
- Okay, okay.
This has gotta be our guy,
right?
He's the client.
He set up a fake meeting
with Costa
so that Laporta
could be abducted.
- Well, he's not our guy
in the Colosseum footage,
but he's definitely
our best lead.
- I have an address
for Mr. Dovhal here in Rome.
- Okay.
[camera shutter snaps]
Thank you.
It's this one, right?
Is anybody home?
- Lights on,
but no sign of movement.
- Now, watch the back
in case he runs.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[tea kettle whistling]
[stove clicks]
♪
- [sighs]
- There goes our lead.
- Two in the chest,
one in the head.
♪
Damn it.
- Ballistics matched
the previous shooting.
Looks like the kidnappers
are doing everything they can
to cover their tracks.
- Dumping the setup guy.
- You got it.
Same with Costa.
They get unsuspecting middlemen
to make the arrangements
and then kill them off.
- You talk to the neighbors?
- No one saw anyone
coming or going,
but Dovhal's been driving
a silver SUV.
It's been parked out front
for the last couple days,
but now there's no sign of it.
- Maybe the killers left in it.
- How late were we?
The killers were just here.
How much do you think
we missed 'em by?
- Based on a melted teapot,
so it's not exact science,
but I guess
less than two hours.
- Okay,
so if it weren't for the delay,
we'd have Dovhal alive.
- That's hard to say.
- Nope.
No, I'm sorry,
but the reality is
this lead is dead
over a simple phone search.
- What's going on?
- What's going on
is we should have
a cooperating witness right now
instead of another body
for the morgue,
and somebody--
somebody needs to own that.
- Jubal, listen to me.
Hey, hey.
You need to calm down.
- [laughs] Don't--
- Let me handle this.
There's only so much
we can push
until this comes back
to bite us.
- That's not good enough,
Scott.
If you need
to throw some elbows, do it,
'cause I'm not gonna have
the same conversation
over David Laporta's body,
or Agent Scola's,
or the next damn ground zero.
Hey, tell me everything
there is to know
about this DOA.
- All right.
His name is Dmitriy Dovhal.
He's a low-level
political operative
and a Belarusian citizen.
He makes frequent trips
across Southern Europe,
keeping an apartment
in each place,
then reports back to
the officials in his country.
- Sounds an awful lot
like a spy.
- Yeah.
Well, the intel community
should be able to confirm that.
I'll loop in Isobel.
Maybe we know more
about this guy than we realize.
[phone ringing]
- Hey, what do you got?
- Hey, so listen.
There's a chance the players
on this thing are from Belarus.
- All right, well,
that's better than nothing.
Start running screens.
See if any of the people
we've been circling
have any connection to Belarus.
Listen, the last time
I spoke to Scola,
he mentioned something
about a meeting
with a big boss
three weeks ago.
It didn't mean much,
but what if that big boss
flew in from Belarus
for the meeting?
- Yeah, that's possible.
- All right.
I'll compile a list of people
who entered the tri-state area
from Belarus three weeks ago,
plus or minus a week.
- That's great.
- Who knew that many people
from Belarus visit New York?
- It's incredible.
I mean,
if the over/under was 200,
I would've chosen the under.
- Check this out.
- Hey, guys, we got something.
- That's him.
- All right.
- Stanislau Lenkov.
A general
in the Belarusian armed forces.
I mean, that can't be right.
- A government official
is involved
in the kidnapping of
an American on European soil?
- Yeah, but why?
I mean, what's Lenkov's motive?
- We need to bring in
all the agencies on this.
Do you know anyone
at the State Department?
- The State Department
or the CIA?
Pia.
Jubal, this is Pia Morgan.
- Nice to meet you,
Agent Valentine.
- You too.
So you are one
of our trusted
diplomatic contacts?
- Yes, I'd say that.
General Lenkov has strong ties
to the president of Belarus
and is an ally of Putin.
- All right,
so what can the CIA tell us
that we can't read
in the newspaper?
- General Lenkov has spent
the last 18 months
running black ops in Ukraine,
helping the Russian army.
His team have developed
something of a reputation
as a thorn in the side of our
allies in the conflict there.
Ruthless and effective,
we believe
that they were on the ground
for the Bucha Massacre.
- Okay,
so what does this have to do
with a structural engineer
in Rome?
- Strictly between us?
- Of course.
- I think this whole abduction/
murder/terror attack
you boys have stumbled into
is linked with
a covert operation in Minsk.
- In Minsk?
Okay, what kind of operation?
- Three months ago,
Lenkov's entire nine-man team
was struck down
by a drone strike.
A family wedding.
Over 20 dead, including
Lenkov's own daughter.
Somehow, the general managed
to step outside
the blast radius and survived.
- A drone strike by who?
- Ukraine, I should think.
- With U.S. intel and weapons?
The new switchblade drones
that we just supplied them?
- Rome is amazing, isn't it?
- Come on.
We're gonna hit on
a Belarusian general in Belarus
with civilian casualties?
Come on, the EU would
never sign off on that.
- And we would never
ask them to.
- Either way,
Lenkov's daughter
and his top soldiers
were killed,
and he blames America.
- Which makes for one hell
of a motive to strike back.
- You know, we've been, um,
focusing
on the obvious targets--
landmarks and bridges--
but honestly,
it's the boring stuff
that scares me.
Before Laporta started ANITEC,
he was working
on electrical stations
and natural gas lines.
- Well, maybe
the undercover Agent Scola
will bring us something, huh?
- Yeah, maybe.
- You two are close, huh?
- Uh, yeah, why?
- You seem worried.
- Do I?
I'm not usually anxious,
but maybe
it's the hormones or...
worrying for two.
- He's the father?
- Mm.
He's really important to me,
and, uh,
I want him in our baby's life.
I don't know, when I was
assigned to come out here,
I thought it could be good
to have some distance
and gain some perspective
on whether or not
we could make it work.
Now I'm just feeling
a little more conflicted.
- Hey, where's Smitty?
- I'm not sure.
- Is your department
dragging your feet
to settle some sort
of political score?
- I don't know
what you're speaking of.
- Whatever beef is going on
between Europe and the U.S.,
whatever happened in Minsk,
that is not my fault.
That is not the FBI's fault,
and it sure as hell
is not David Laporta's fault.
- Your partner, Valentine,
has no respect.
He mocks my investigation.
I don't appreciate
his way of doing business.
- I don't care!
It is our duty
to set aside our differences
to get this investigation done,
because we're not gonna
lose a kidnapping victim
and we're not gonna
let a bomb go off!
- Very well.
Then you should see this.
We just received
a possible location
on Dmitriy Dovhal's car.
It hasn't been verified.
- We're on it.
- Anything you find,
you report back to me.
My team will take it
from there.
- Understood.
- Dovhal's silver SUV
was a rental.
Its GPS locator puts it
somewhere in this area,
but it's pretty densely packed.
- Lenkov's crew used his car
after they killed him.
It could lead us
right to Laporta.
- All right, fan out.
Keep it tight and quiet.
Call it out when you got eyes,
but nobody moves
until we're green.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- A silver car.
Yeah, that's it.
- Call it in.
- Uh-huh.
Hey. Hey, it's Jubal.
We got eyes on the car.
It's two blocks west
of where we were,
and two blocks south.
- FBI. Don't move.
- [speaking Italian]
- Lenkov, where is he?
- No, no, no.
It's not my car.
Just want to see it.
It's nice.
- Do you know whose car it is?
Huh? [speaks Italian]
- No, no, I swear.
- Where's the driver?
Autista?
- That apartment, 302.
That's where he lives.
- What's the play?
- I think we gotta breach.
And we need to go full tilt.
If Laporta
is being held inside,
good chance everyone else in
there is armed and dangerous.
- That's a big if.
We've got one random guy's word
that that is the place.
- So we wait for the Italian PD
to authorize a no-knock
at the rate they're moving?
- I said I'd keep them updated.
- Okay, but we could
be running out of time.
That's the one thing
Laporta does not have.
How long can we expect
this guy to hold out?
- I don't like it.
- I hear you, Scott, I do,
but we have been
keeping things diplomatic,
and where has it gotten us?
It's time to switch things up.
[tense music]
♪
FBI!
- Polizia!
La polizia!
- [screams]
[parents shouting in Italian]
- Calm down.
Calm down.
[parents shouting in Italian]
- Polizia.
- It's okay.
We come in peace.
[shouting continues]
[gunshot]
[child screaming]
It's just a kid!
- Lorenzo!
- Hey, it's okay.
Polizia, polizia.
[overlapping shouting]
- Tutto bene.
Tutto bene.
- Go.
- Lorenzo...
- [sobbing]
- Shh.
- All clear.
It's just a family home.
- The car was Dovhal's,
but there's no sign
of Laporta or the general.
They were never here.
♪
- As we suspected,
the family claims
to have no knowledge
of Lenkov or his crew.
- Okay, I'd like--
can we interview the family?
- I don't think
that's a good idea.
You kicked in the man's door
and terrified his family.
He's furious.
If you ask me,
it appears
that the Belarusians
took Dovhal's car
and ditched it here at random.
- Well, Lenkov is smart.
He knew it was a rental
and we'd eventually
be able to track it.
He deliberately led us
on this wild goose chase.
- Okay, but what about the guy
lurking by the car
who led us directly
into that specific apartment?
- We're trying to relocate him,
but Granno believes
he was just telling you what
he thought you wanted to hear.
- Okay, well, tell Granno we'll
come to our own conclusions.
- This is it, you know?
Right here.
This is
the American entitlement,
which caused this whole
damn mess in the first place.
You promised to keep
the Italians in the loop.
And then you pull this.
- I didn't promise anything.
- You're like your country:
doing what it wants,
crossing every red line,
and then expecting your allies
to simply step aside.
Can't you see that?
- I'm doing
what I feel is necessary,
given the circumstances.
I'm not here to argue
about foreign policy,
America's place in the world.
I have a job--
- Okay.
You both done?
Yeah? Good.
Jubal, me and you go way back,
but Smitty is a member
of my team.
We're not gonna run over her
like she's some piece
in our own proxy war.
She fights for us
and our country every damn day.
- Look, this raid,
it was my call.
And I was wrong.
I take responsibility
for that.
Look,
it was the only lead we had,
and I need to know
we are doing everything we can.
- And that only works
if we're doing it together.
- I agree.
- All right.
- Guys,
we got another crime scene.
Somebody hit
the ANITEC offices.
- Oh, God.
- Excuse me.
What happened?
- Lenkov's men came through.
They needed something
from the files.
- I just hid in the back.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know what else to do.
They would've killed me.
- It's okay.
You're safe now.
What are we looking at?
- Well, these files are old.
I mean, from years ago, before
Laporta's company ever opened.
I mean,
we didn't have any of this.
- But is there any way to tell
what they were looking for?
- Uh, these are huge files.
Blueprints, uh...
It looks like
they uploaded the entire drive.
- Uploaded to where?
If we can get an IP address
on the file server,
maybe we can find
Lenkov's location.
- Only if his computer guys
were sloppy and in a hurry.
- Well, I guess it's possible.
His first team was killed
in the drone strike.
These would be
his replacements.
- Okay, I got it.
- The place is locked down.
- How many can you see?
- Three guards at
the front door, heavily armed.
- This must be
where Laporta is being held.
- Extracting Laporta
will likely require
taking on a team
of nine well-armed mercenaries.
We need FBI tactical support.
How long will it take
to get a team here?
- I think we are the team.
- I was afraid you'd say that.
What about the Italians?
You think
they'll provide support?
- I feel we may have
burned that bridge.
- Inspector,
it's all hands on deck.
We could stop a terror attack
before it starts.
- You Americans like to do
things on your own, so...
here's your chance.
Good luck.
[car engine turns over]
[car doors slam]
- What do we think?
- With the element of surprise,
I think we can take 'em.
But only if we're all agreed.
- You heard the man.
We're going in.
- Okay.
It's go-time.
When you get into position,
wait for the signal.
- Yeah.
Hey, Nina, I think you should
sit this one out, okay?
- Sit it out?
- Yeah.
Look, the last time
we kicked in a door,
I nearly got my head blown off.
I just don't feel comfortable
putting you
and your child
in the line of fire.
- Yeah, I don't need
special treatment.
- I know that.
Look, I'm sorry.
I just can't send you
into that house.
Please hang back
and keep in contact.
Thanks.
[car engine turns over]
- Hey, hey, do you have room
for one more?
- That sounded like an order.
- Yeah, well, I didn't
come to Rome to eat pasta.
We do whatever it takes, right?
- Look, she can come with me.
We can use help
to secure the perimeter.
I promise she won't go in.
- The perimeter.
[car door slams]
[suspenseful music]
♪
- We're in position.
- Area's clear.
It's a go from here.
- On my mark.
Three.
Two.
One.
[men grunting]
- Take the house.
♪
[muffled gunfire]
- [grunts]
- Two down.
[gunfire]
- Down!
♪
- Going to check
the upper floors.
[muffled gunshot]
- [grunts]
- There's a room downstairs
locked from the outside.
- Stand by.
We're on the way.
♪
- No, no, no, no, no.
Come on. Come on.
- [sighs]
- He's gone.
- He must've given up
what he knew.
- The rest of the house
is clear.
Seven gunmen down.
Nobody else is here.
- Wait a second. Seven?
Didn't his last team have nine?
[tense music]
- Great.
- This place has another exit.
- Vo, we have two mercenaries
unaccounted for
that made a run for it
through a tunnel out back.
- Copy that.
We're on it.
♪
Clear.
- Hey, guys, there really
isn't anything back here.
They must've made it
past our perimeter.
- Nina?
- Where the hell
does this tunnel come out?
- Okay, so I've traveled
about 50 yards west, I think.
And then
the tunnel hooks a left.
- It must connect
to one of these buildings.
♪
- There.
- That's gotta be it.
- I found a flight of stairs.
Heading up.
- Jubal, we see the exit.
What's your 20?
You guys coming?
[gunfire]
♪
- [groaning]
- Agent down!
Agent down!
Nina!
- You have to help me.
- It's gonna be okay.
- You have to help me!
[both panicking]
- Nina!
♪
[wolf howls]